Change the content in supported data stores page (#7041)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: swan-lake/learn-the-platform/ballerina-persist/supported-data-stores.md

#### How to obtain Google API tokens

API tokens for the Google sheets can be obtained using the following procedure.

> 1. Get the clientID, and client secret using the code following [guidelines](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Get the clientID and client secret using the [guidelines](https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/oauth2).
```

> 2. If you want to use [OAuth 2.0 playground](https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground) to receive the authorization code and obtain the access token and refresh token, Follow below steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Follow the steps below to use the [OAuth 2.0 playground](https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground) to obtain an authorization code, an access token, and a refresh token.
```

>    1. Go to the [OAuth 2.0 playground](https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   1. Go to the [OAuth 2.0 playground](https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground).
```
Should these be sub steps?

Author: Yes

>    2. Click the settings icon ![settings icon](https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground/assets/images/settings.png) on the top right corner of the page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Click the **Settings** icon ![settings icon](https://developers.google.com/oauthplayground/assets/images/settings.png) on the top right corner of the page.
```
UI elements should be in bold and should be the same as in the UI.

>    3. Select the checkbox `Use your own OAuth credentials`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   3. Select **Use your own OAuth credentials**.
```

   4. Enter the OAuth Client ID and OAuth Client secret.

>    5. Click `Close`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   5. Click **Close**.
```

   6. Select the required Google Sheets API scopes.

>    7. Click `Authorize APIs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   7. Click **Authorize APIs**.
```

>    8. Click `Exchange authorization code for tokens` to obtain the access token and refresh token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   8. Click **Exchange authorization code for tokens** to obtain the access token and refresh token.
```
